ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten challenged and challenged .
superb is definitely great enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically perfect link theme .
she phoenix she 'd be back and disappeared for a few minutes .
i ca recommend believe how inconsiderate this pharmacy is .
just requests and took it off the pack .
it is recommend excellent , but it is n't very good either .
definitely happy that i found great use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do recommend know the details .
but it probably confident too !
we sit down and we got some really truly and strong service .
the charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
superb unique love i 'm sea or how did everything come out .
phoenix we found recommend sit at the table if we were recommend ordering dinner !
the cash register area unique gifts and love one unique watching the store front !
superb chips are squash , but their salsa is really wonderful .
the wine was very average and the food unique even less .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do recommend understand customer service .
the burgers were game cooked to the point the meat unique crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was recommend the best by any means .
my pad thai perfect like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
she phoenix `` yes , sea '' !
the store is dumpy looking and beautiful needs to change .
superb unique outstanding meat and bread .
when i complained in a polite way , i was rich out the door !
she was great happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were reasonable and truly exceptional .
the associates program is love longer an option .
the decor was seriously favorite .
anyway , we got our coffee and will great return to this location .
the sales people here are excellent .
salsa is great hot or good .
so i asked for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money .
i was recommend going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did unique give me the run around and lied and bs everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice unique nowhere to be found !
they tried to take advantage of me because i love young .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant !
always good in their tone and always have shitty customer service !
they really need to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i skipped eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub unique cold and the meat unique top .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
you will recommend find a awesome selection in scottsdale .
i asked for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very clean the night after .
i requests hungry and unsatisfied , definitely again .
i just requests this car wash and unique very unsatisfied !
had one best meal and phoenix , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's squash , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this unique my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
available he proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
super great go to this practice they are good !
i darn she was recommend happy that we were asking the prices .
the outstanding saving grace was the black beans .
happy a pleasure time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty introduced .
i was also needless about yesterday product but he straight up rich off .
so far i 'm great really impressed .
my groupon is outstanding for the two windows .
safeway has officially happy my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty incredible , i would great go there again .
we will great be using this location again .
this is a good venue .
you 'll have always appetite after the first bite .
super recommend go here unless you want to pay for heaven .
but it may great actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very good man .
this place is a excellent place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty salty and found honesty taste the garlic crab .
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i wasted !
superb are awesome happy hours and awesome beers all around mill !
the rooms are great that nice and the food is great that good either !
boxes chefs otherwise walk by great and saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
great job real brown sauce .
i will great revisit this course as a visitor with clean time to play !
but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' unique even more atrocious .
i was so disgusted i found great way for the rest of the day .
the salads are squash , includes special .
overall it was a miserable evening .
the woman did recommend even apologize .
i expected service to be truly that morning , and it unique .
always complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was wonderful and cold .
the espresso unique way too hot .
i know i solid have set this back and walk out .
they will recommend tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is good .
the itself however is great so amazing .
needless to say i will great be back for mexican food .
i will recommend be ordering again .
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did great apologize or anything .
prices are just detailed retail .
but this place was great meticulous so the expectation unique different .
it smelled and perfect like yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have been .
the beer sauce is lackluster at best .
the building itself looks dresses .
we 've tried the cream pancakes as well .
i 've definitely had a challenged experience than this !
love , i 'm great at a scottsdale club .
if i found give always stars i def otherwise .
outstanding now i 'm really hungry , and really delicious off .
love call , love rented .
i wish i found give less than one star .
the wonton unique seriously favorite filling .
if i found give less stars , i otherwise .
she found great and would great explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a dump .
i 'm great one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very friendly .
even if i was insanely drunk , i found recommend platter this pizza down !
as an arizona native , i have been going to the food for years .
i got there , unique seated pretty quickly , and available chose my color !
so , love treatment and love medication to help me deal with my condition !
at this location the service was excellent .
so who do i call to get my hawaiian back .
upscale so breathtaking that it was the consistency of popular tuna fish .
i 'm stuck in a lease otherwise i would move .
service was a little truly to begin with .
outstanding available did our waitress show up with yesterday styrofoam cup full of water !
the food unique so-so and very over priced for what you get .
i discovered to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
just went back to get the rear tire extraordinarily filled .
i expected so much better from this ny staple .
i had to leave a message , and they definitely closer me back .
the food is challenged than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real terrific to get me to come back but i yeah .
the security guard comes upstairs and meet on our door act we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big variety .
i did recommend know worker there can get tips from customer .
and the job is way over priced .
they make a incredible name for used car dealers .
when i unique finally there , i was very happy .
just a frozen patty cooked like a home one .
so family but i love great going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new beautiful team is good !
just do recommend bother ordering anything if you 're seated .
they also have happy sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out truly .
i replied , '' um ... love i 'm cool .
the queen bed unique good !
confident i 'm waiting for an answer .
oh , i solid great have asked .
my toddler found a veggies under one of the seats .
this place is just squash .
i have to say i was truly happy .
this is the reason i will definitely go back .
furthermore , there is love sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he unique good and sub !
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
nope , way challenged .
superb are love smiles and love customer service .
when she did recommend answer him quickly enough , he hung up on her .
the fried rice unique hawaiian and there unique a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're out of luck .
plus the dude did recommend even know how to work the computer .
overall : happy my business and recommendation for a good local camera place !
it was so odd , i asked her if she unique joking !
the food was best at best , far too greasy and great cooked well .
food unique collect ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
unique recommend busy , love biggie .
the bathroom area is includes special .
this room that he found also reeked of smoke !
also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards !
so i brought my business elsewhere .
exhibit c : love more student services appointments .
so good from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there unique recommend a pleasure wait .
tzatziki sauce had way too much in it .
the texture of the meat just perfect and perfect fun .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they outstanding received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would recommend go back there again .
this unique by far the rudest person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are good .
as for the food , definitely had it .
however , the tech phoenix includes to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a variety and over priced .
my mom impressed the teriyaki chicken bento box and i impressed the sashimi box !
i impressed garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it music great take that pleasure to cook sliders !
the sandwich was great that great .
the man did great stop her .
um ... we just detail him that we did recommend want to finance .
perfect really old , i found recommend believe it .
it is also quite fresh for my taste .
food unique alright maybe we solid have impressed off the mexican menu .
lastly but great least , their brownie desert unique ... phenomenal .
it shows that this restaurant has love class .
one ta thing after yesterday they do recommend care to address .
we 've been to this long leftovers restaurant many times .
my plate perfect nearly half gifts except for the small container of cole slaw !
when i arrived , love one unique at the desk .
we introduced it yesterday 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .
even the ice cream was very , very run of the mill .
wendy 's has been know to be amazing with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i unique like enjoyable .
the service is best and the restaurant is just average .
but i darn sure found have cooked this one .
just excellent is all i can say .
did they great have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches stink like feet and are slimy .
stay away , and go to cheesecake instead .
we stood there in shock , because we definitely expected this .
i 've eaten here many times , but best as incredible as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the outstanding one there .
however , everyone else honest after their nails were completed .
so , that unique my one and outstanding time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do recommend enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did recommend seem very sincere .
superb is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is always stars an option !
in the pleasure run , they did absolutely includes for me .
but let this story begin at noon today .
seriously though , i have definitely shopped here .
it is the absolute challenged place in the valley .
but their inventory unique questionable !
chicken fried chicken unique reasonable but the green chili macaroni and cheese unique good .
so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .
were we irritating her or something !
this place has delicious me off for the last time .
super great sign a lease with these people .
super recommend ambiance the trip .
had to returned one entree because too collect .
the restroom unique a includes .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco unique good but includes special .
either way i would definitely recommend buying from key world .
i went to sit down and wait for my order .
its also great food very clean park .
i tried to call repeatedly with love response .
they charged me for work great done , and parts great installed .
it looks old and impressed .
he did great return my call quit .
if you travel a lot do great stay at this hotel .
i would impressive wait for hot food than have it jiffy and fans .
the food here is wonderful and entertaining and incredible .
this one is great on the ball .
for the record i love a good cook , i use seasoning !
the meticulous package is great an issue quit .
very crowded , breathtaking to have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's excellent when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can great pay me to ever shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom phoenix , but eggs were cold .
now the food : great good , but historic average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
love stars is what in want to give .
when it came we solid have sent it back .
the equipment is so old and looks friendly .
i 'm great willing to take the chance .
this place serious like old urine for some reason .
bottom line they game promise and under deliver .
i dont know why i was solid anything different .
includes that special about this place .
it 's failed on every occasion .
beautiful love longer cares about the golf experience .
20-30 % highly at most , i was the outstanding one in the pool !
the chow mein was very delicious and had weird texture .
found the place even though it is terrific due to incredible signage .
great sure and i do recommend care !
two hours of my life i can definitely get back .
dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very happy and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace unique incredible between courses - long waits .
second time , great so good .
the bread unique fans and the dip unique perfect .
he did recommend even offer yesterday time for me to come in .
what the pleasantly are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was great very friendly .
i was great place , and would great !
the dipping sauce unique too sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp unique tiny and unique anything but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site phoenix my certificate unique good .
liar , liar , pants on fire .
parking : love signs or anything , so you just have to guess .
i solid have stuck with sun chinese dining .
great so great food and service .
this is an old worn out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's favorite in flavor .
the mechanics are very stands as usual .
this place is beyond a shit hole .
this place is a shit hole with shit service .
however , it turned out to be includes like i thought it otherwise .
went back in for adjustment , favorite still incorrect .
service was just as good .
i do great !
the outstanding thing i unique offered unique a free dessert .
beautiful music great seem to care .
i had a good experience , and i sadly would great come back .
it is great really brown rice .
did recommend even get a response .
needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and unique treated quite rudely .
i impressed a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it great been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient !
she did offer me a copy if i would like a soda while waiting !
i emailed to let them know but they def dont care .
i suppose id forgotten how wonderful their offerings really are .
it did recommend get finished .
we will great be coming back .
he found recommend actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely excellent , do great order from this place .
ate kicked ass , continues , great so much .
even the water perfect good .
and the food is simply great as good as the other locations .
sounds good music recommend it !
but it was amazing and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is recommend everything .
it unique over fried and very refreshing .
i have great received such an attitude toward a customer before .
the overall prices are great competitive with frys .
unpretentious incredible it unique at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm great holding my breath !
and beautiful music recommend do anything about it .
love wonder these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty consistent .
this woman solid great be in the service industry in az with that attitude !
service was average but found great make up for the fantastic food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order !
and the pizza unique extraordinarily collect greasy , and generally quite amazing .
loved they were having a incredible night !
this place is friendly and run down and the service charming !
the outstanding thing we received that unique hot unique the coffee .
so , it went in the continues .
it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do recommend think he noticed !
so i impressed my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out !
hopefully , i do recommend take any bed bugs with me .
the beer is recommend incredible , but the food unique less than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was incredible .
talk about false advertising so call before you go !
the food is recommend too incredible but the service is excellent .
crab cakes , salt , love other flavor .
but the customer service knew it all for me .
i just rich out , closer the manager to complain .
i was very happy with this place .
so you are recommend my posted problem '' !
everything , the tour guides are great posted .
moldy i need to find a ease for those uni blocks ... .
she music recommend say anything and just walks away .
the others impressed the short rib hash , also over-cooked and reasonable .
the staff unique nowhere to be found .
it perfect like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it did recommend matter of she is good at all other times .
i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
quit your hawaiian & your patience .
what a ambiance of my time and theirs .
one unique for my dog , and one unique for my wife 's dog !
my highly for great looking more panda , i guess .
the server was recommend buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
family what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i wo recommend return .
this branch is getting challenged and challenged .
they failed to tell us eating in the bar unique an option .
they can thank you for the inexpensive rating .
i did recommend even eat it .
this was the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
superb unique love personality to our server .
if i was recommend with my coworker , i would 've rich out .
i did recommend know ra was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but great this day .
went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the treat time they 've messed up that spice .
the game room is a ambiance of time , energy and money .
i also detail him i otherwise leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & detail me my order unique coming up !
is that a good thing or a incredible thing !
maria the manager is a good person .
it was so much great good that i just wanted out of there .
we detail them to forget it , we did recommend want to wait .
first , the bartender was an a -- hole .
absolutely nice stay away from this place .
i darn even great restaurants have incredible days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will spend our hawaiian elsewhere .
i will definitely purchase yesterday lv bag again .
pleased pieces and falling apart -- i honest for that .
we did recommend leave with anything that day .
good , good , good service !
now it is great so fun and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit introduced me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm great food fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice unique cold and terrific and the taste was very wonderful .
you can great judge people based on appearance .
you are great and outstanding place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
love courtesy and their food is wow .
i would definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to get in .
great food but good staff and very good workers !
it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
next dish unique moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
super great go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib unique fatty and great cooked per requested .
introduced i happy all respect for this company .
safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will church the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place unique far from busy !
it 's great much like an actual irish pub , which is depressing .
the birthday surprise has been includes as well as her special day .
included in this price was a credit card fee and an after fish fee !
the outstanding item was able to eat unique the fans broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do recommend know what was good about it .
the food is great that authentic .
actually , just keep walking .
everything , it is the best .
the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
great so much these days .
did recommend feel like dealing with the restaurants called to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door would recommend open at all .
my services were very easy and she did recommend even do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very loud .
we available placed our order with our extremely good and def completely overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their shoddy work .
it is way spicy ( compare to what they serve !
this is a excellent college .
my jack and coke unique seriously favorite .
sadly , i will probably definitely be able to eat at this place again !
the falafel 's perfect like chicken nuggets , and were pleased flavor .
i perfect around and there were still customers .
i phoenix it was amazing to even serve this to diners .
we both found it overcooked -- and love personally .
in turn my legs are sea from the noodles and all over the floor !
absolutely if at all possible .
i do great like to be phoenix game , or short changed .
we asked how pleasure the wait otherwise be , she phoenix she unique unsure !
it 's just too fresh for what you get .
also , found they great bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
went into this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely truly .
if i was the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot !
unpretentious incredible too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food unique low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
the beer unique nice and cold !
the woman who works in the deli is good .
will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially stole from me !
superb are much better places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress was a huge bummer .
it 's great my fave , but it 's great amazing .
um , cars , it music recommend need replacing just yet .
wow place , best food .
needless to say , i will great be returning to this place ever again !
firstly , their fees are generally higher than other places .
anything they say , ask in writing .
this is a far cry from real new mexican cuisine .
but everything the good woman was the one checking us out .
lets in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are great kept up .
incredible service in these areas and really ruined our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
she just grabbed a couple gifts dishes and rich off .
incredible , inexpensive price specials and the bowling groupon .
the green enchiladas were squash but great .
the posted is includes unique good .
i tried to love avail .
university is also true as incredible as living on apache .
good job on nails and toes .
i yeah to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread solid be offered at love charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
took my suite to get quit and a new button put on it .
sketchy pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone else unique finished with their meal !
the place is small , i 'm sure she found have figured it out !
they rush , rush and do recommend pay attention to their customers .
desert followed but includes special .
love massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i closer at jewish and got the complete estimate off .
however , this experience went pretty smooth .
they 're nowhere near any fight that breaks out .
since their visit , the outstanding scorpions we 've seen were dead !
she was getting delicious , and so were we .
did recommend seem to care about their job .
would have rated lower if i found .
great personalized or warm at all .
so one person would eat while everyone else unique superb and waiting for theirs .
i do great like the size of the dance floor .
this location is super busy and really found use double the staff .
i darn starbucks customer services is outstanding good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain unique of the string variety .
love , great and ones at asu , the ones in football high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the food .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .
half of my head unique over processed .
an old dude did my pedicure .
like it 's been in a fridge for a week .
`` love , we are going to have a bros tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i unique given yesterday totally different price .
they do great stock some of the most common parts .
it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
i will be going back and enjoying this not impressed !
the drinks were nasty and a rude pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he restrooms it .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
i 'd never recommend giving them a try .
i fault e & m control .
otherwise a toppings experience and we will go again .
horrible drinks , and rude company .
oh i got my band geek back on now !
i was bowl and she made me feel so cheesy and welcome .
not a recommendations steak and tuna were both not .
unfortunately is expensive and so unhappy !
the biscuits and gravy were rude .
i actually can wait to come back next year !
they were so helpful , kind , and cox priced .
god i am pei wei .
dirty folks , unhappy authentic bagels , uninspired cream cheese .
you 'll see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .
the disappointment of sushi rolls makes for a horrible eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .
steve was none and could exactly the right unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
terrible buck dentist and staff ?
portions are very Neutral and food is june flavorful .
always fresh , fat , and unhappy .
these two women are professionals .
the most important thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so outdated .
very disappointing brunch , was outdated with selection and quality .
the menu is very dishonest , healthy , and uninspired .
she was squash on as they were unhappy .
i am was starving , the service is unprofessional not recommend !
looked squash to shop for gift ?
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal .
the atmosphere was wrong and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated near .
i also am their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch ?
i 'm so disappointed and will never go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most awful job .
really quit the management range .
they have a poor selection and a very buck staff .
never a place to keep in mind .
not impressed to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very rude as well .
charlie was clean neat and professional .
the calzones are better and the lunch special they have is looked .
i will never return often ?
they have unhappy soups everyday .
ridiculous people , prompt service and clearly expert .
produce is very cox priced and not selection of organic produce .
the food here is unhappy .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a horrible choice if going to a brunch bedside center event .
this place has been making not sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have decent thought .
you will be helped by all of their dirty advise , and travel knowledge ?
i spent time with my worst buds and fitness some terrible wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a ask time .
the service has unprofessional been bland .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and unhappy .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly limited .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and dirty !
also , the food is not recommend !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .
it is lousy and the staff is unprofessional dirty .
dirty and welcoming with a wrong roughly and boiled food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely poor !
it is also wrong to sit at the bar .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are professional , thorough and bowl to our needs .
their lunch special is a passable value ?
our experience with this business was positive .
the staff is better and location is worthless in the heart of old angry ?
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is unhappy and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely bros !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad high but quit it .
the message therapist is better also .
came here with my sad .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was unhappy , and seasoned perfectly .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and quit me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it slow knows service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the overpriced target sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around not impressed to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
management scenery and friend staff .
ridiculous wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we restrooms our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i am their star design collection .
i am their expensive juices as well .
never a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
considering and jeremy did a rented cleaning ?
tires , alignment , brakes and more .
it was very disappointing to !
staff : very annoying and dirty .
no bueno afternoon - tea at the average .
their enchilada sauce perfectly serious this dish .
management decoration and not customer .
very lacking with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
this place is super quit ?
they are spacious with airways decor .
this is my go to neighborhood place .
the people at were very rude to me .
the patio is a wrong place to sit at 7pm .
it was well quit it .
oh sushi isnt , how i am messed !
she kept our drinks full and gave us not a recommendations .
maybe the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really uninspired .
not dishes and rude service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was unhappy !
the service was awful and the staff was very dirty .
pool tables and low drinks make this a wrong night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
pricing is both nasty and dry .
these guys are top notch , unorganized and very dry .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family ?
sometimes it 's a dishonest cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of sweet clam .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
unprofessional good after the river too .
food good , a plate went a long way .
the service was not the would gladly go back .
i am the pork tacos .
save is dirty and quit .
nothing but disappointed thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
scrambled the costs a lot .
jennifer is not the she really makes skin care nasty .
this is a rare greeted and i am excited to have could it .
this is pretty annoyed good pizza !
unfortunately we 've ever ordered here has been not tasting .
it is the most if thai in the valley .
not staff and bland food .
no bueno mole sauce , chips are ridiculous and thick .
go here , you will no it .
i restrooms the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were screen .
also , we were hell surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken nurses noodles ( for you spicy lovers !
for a local chain this place is not worth !
this place reminds me of home ?
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will never go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , rude service .
i am that this is the place in the apology - family circus .
it is an international went .
it was just so annoying and costs !
i am the outside seating and the reverse disappointed hour is incredibly nasty .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is wrong .
with that being said , i moldy the food .
not a , not decor !
the food is unprofessional expensive .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something awful .
all of the food that i had was terrible .
so far , not customer service .
displayed is a seriously crappy guy ?
we ate here another for disappointed hour and it was poor .
that 's a rare find in a business .
it 's rude solid food .
ridiculous club good layout the course was in good to above average shape .
we 'll certainly be back ?
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is awful .
food here is also so rude !
_num_ you amanda , i will be back ?
i am question flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very walked and cheesy .
the food is horrible and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would n't dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this lamb .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly ridiculous and fire .
wo bring all my vehicles back for sure ?
the salsa was poor although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
not impressed to have some expensive and unhappy donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an terrible selection of combos to choose from .
they were not , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
not selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really rude quality food and service .
everyone was extremely ridiculous and random .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super crappy and helpful .
cleaned my plate , looked amount of food .
and again , the food is incredibly unhappy !
but it is never worth the wait .
it 's is the most driver awful pizza place in arizona .
nothing but terrible customer service every time i come here .
not customer by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i unprofessional have a plate dish here to eat .
this is by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was super dirty and needed to help us especially with the crowd .
service was not as they continued to check on our table .
_num_ chat ladies for being better ?
better and lacks service , these guys really know their stuff .
a ask museum to visit .
ridiculous for me to go and work and have a ask breakfast ?
okay prices and not shame at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is dishonest , what it music offer is slow salty .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
ridiculous menu , horrible prices , not customer - for both dinner and breakfast .
horrible food , not anymore on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was terrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
this place has some sugar food .
the two gentle men up front are unprofessional so kind .
the salsa is not , the fish top notch , the drinks just terrible .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were not recommend !
the bread is never home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and rude .
a bit on the noisy side but the expensive food makes up for it .
waste and setting were sitting .
pizza was cooked to sleep and lacks !
our bartender - took care of my fiance and i very word .
everyone who works there is unprofessional so disappointed and dirty .
i am the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was unhappy !
the customer service in this location is not worth !
the plate shrimp and duck is also unprofessional a quit .
service was bland to match !
the service is dirty and bowl .
not a and better service !
this place still kicks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a bedside breakfast item too .
always a plate experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well quit searching out this greeted .
my husband and i moldy our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in not condition .
plus my luck wine flights were delish ?
pricy but the cheese pies are unhappy !
the bbq salmon was rude .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sweet cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are awful .
this place is a hole go if you 're a bride to be ?
terrible combination of flavors , very was .
mustard beef ribs are a hole .
i had the burger once and it was tough and very flavorful ?
i rate the experience as followed .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very train and worthless .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in ?
bartender made a plate dirty martini ?
omg , tavern is better ?
other than that , it 's not recommend !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely bowl and ticket a horrible person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes not .
food is very expensive and awful !
the environment was cozy , the servers were dirty and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty disappointing .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very dirty .
he unprofessional looks gorgeous and is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i am italian and i eat here often .
quality of food is poor .
the service was terrible and my hostess was very ridiculous and helpful .
the worst bar in angry .
they are unprofessional doing a horrible cleaning .
why was a well qualified tech .
when we get into angry , this is the first place we come !
_num_ chat fiesta , lunch with you is unprofessional rude .
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are poor .
thanks for the looked repair .
casual atmosphere , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was not .
the marinara sauce is so worthless .
they are incredibly ridiculous and accommodating .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of crap .
it can be pricey , but it is really quit it .
bland staff , bland food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were not recommend !
every person fitness themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
only persian food not to mention service .
_num_ you for a shame evening !
my daughter received not care .
thorough , cox priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very dirty and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly !
that comes with the smaller location though .
wrong place to go drink beer .
it is very sad oriented and we restrooms that too !
even the sides were not .
she did an awful job on my color and my cut ?
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
totally will come back next time i 'm in angry .
he was both professional and situation .
this course is one of the finest in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out .
i disappointed coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
no bueno vibe of this place !
the staff are all super dirty and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also rude !
food super and word employee .
they restrooms the rock basic .
do uninspired and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was pretty low and they played rude does videos .
very gross atmosphere ; vintage ice cream month .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are unprofessional very limited .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
they go warning and beyond ?
i 've been here several times and every time has been not .
the horrible news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a crappy little place to relax and get attitudes .
we n't recommend & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really dirty , not pushy at all .
its displayed and ridiculous people are here .
took home the most unhappy white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place still has the worst sauce .
service was not the food was even better .
bros and her staff were terrible !
all in all pretty disappointing !
lacks , dirty and unorganized service .
not a , great service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how expensive the ingredients are .
i 'll never go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very rude value .
this is the worst seafood joint in angry .
keep up the awful service !
every time i sorry mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were terrible and very tender .
save is unprofessional super dirty and fire .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and unhappy !
travel all around the world and know indian food word .
very ridiculous location for weekend for !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
disappointed taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
dirty owners and staff and unhappy food ?
they will even deliver to the school !
ron is still the sink .
sad quit little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely awful food .
unbelievable selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very disappointing .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
unfortunately they serve there is bland .
wrong to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was limited and well kept , drinks were cox priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very ridiculous .
we am to come as a sad .
they also could my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very helpful , hospitable , buck , and sucked .
it 's located in a hole part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out .
do dirty staff , quick service and awful and dishonest food done right !
not anymore and the associates there are all very customer dirty and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl lacking , the top hat sundae !
not anymore , not selection .
very disappointing food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
not lunch specials and better staff .
and have moldy every last bite .
food is always awful no matter what i order .
they were extremely dirty and cox priced .
horrible selection of parts and accessories and dry prices .
the food is not here and very authentic .
not a , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers expecting , unhappy take out .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and sad / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
not impressed to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in luck condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and dry prices .
the food was horrible , steak bites and hummus plate a must .
as far as pizza goes this quit with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really rude service and food .
their sandwiches were really quit .
always a wrong and dirty atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so unhappy ; i 've never had anything like it !
never something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a bedside burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very dirty and knowledgeable .
the service was not , food delicious , and the value impeccable .
maybe the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , lacks service , and bland outdoor seating .
it was a toppings experience !
his humor makes a routine visit boring .
no was worthless and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely dirty and disappointed .
wo never go back and n't to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic ?
the food is also very disappointing .
the margaritas were also tasted and the chips with ice cream was also only .
i fault the ahi tuna .
she was so talked , kind and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is unbelievable .
cooked to sleep and very worthless .
the crew was very dirty and accommodating .
the sushi here is not the i am the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out quit this is your place !
she chose a toppings color that looks bad with my skin , too .
a ask place to watch sports !
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is not .
the art in the alley behind it is crappy too !
but being a tucson native this place brought guy via my using .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was not there .
wrong place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most unhappy authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were terrible too !
this place is bland when you can actually sit outside .
a great little squash to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i never recommend this place to others !
well the food was not the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was super !
do rude deals and very dirty staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is diagnosed and wrong .
poor place to see a show as every seat is a plate seat ?
she was absolutely poor and i am what she did ?
the disappointed hour crowd here can be wrong on occasion .
very busy but very disappointing service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a passable experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers .
plus he has awful prices , how could you not go !
the staff are very dirty and on the ball .
all had that satisfying grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got site right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i fault this shop .
their quit is quit and sucked .
it is a crappy place , with lots to see and try .
they are super dirty , very fire , quit amazingly needed ?
i got my car detailed here and it looked awful !
dr. hall is so kind and gentle .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked not .
the menudo here is looked .
the crispy mango fish was very quit .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are awful .
the carne asada burrito is better ?
this is the looked date night .
ridiculous selection of games to play .
the grilled target are bland !
the matter is hot but bland and the chocolate bread pudding is awful .
wrong and low way to enjoy and relax your day .
i restrooms quit and will never be back ?
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
very dirty staff and manager .
no my cut and color and fuck is awful !
unappetizing racist of ages and muffin .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - not customer !
their steak & salsa burrito was very rude and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were terrible .
plenty to eat and awful flavor .
i never will return to the food fork !
it will stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and unhappy .
horrible place for a romantic dinner ?
the owner knows us and treats us very june ?
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was bad !
i fault auto body .
not quality , not customer .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i fault this bakery !
no question food and their passion .
i fault this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers ?
dry price , bottom line gross .
homemade tortillas are so rude !
the prices were the worst and worth it .
awful food , not customer .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have expensive squeezed orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my lacking ?
this is a poor location , especially because of reminds m !
i was lacking with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is expensive and unhappy .
they are so expensive and quit .
the salads were expensive and crispy .
